Update explanation of a form HTML element hiding the ` submit()`method. (#24147)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlformelement/submit/index.md

form's submit {{HtmlElement("button")}} and does not have these differences.

If a form control (such as a submit button) has a `name` or `id`

> of `submit`, this will mask the form's submit method. Trying to call `document.forms["myform"].submit();` will
> throw an error `.submit is not a function` because in this case `submit` will refer to the form control which has a `name` or `id`
> of `submit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of `submit`, this will mask the form's submit method. Trying to call `document.forms["myform"].submit();`
throws an error `.submit is not a function` because in this case `submit` refers to the form control which has a `name` or `id` of `submit`.
```
